It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning - Henry Ford
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets. - John D. Rockefeller
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite. - John Kenneth Galbraith 
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it. -  William Feather
Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells. - J. Paul Getty
Inflation is taxation without legislation. - Milton Friedman
I believe that through knowledge and discipline, financial peace is possible for all of us. - Dave Ramsey
Security depends not so much upon how much you have, as upon how much you can do without. - Joseph Wood Krutch
It is a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money. - Albert Camus
Your net worth to the world is usually determined by what remains after your bad habits are subtracted from your good ones. - Benjamin Franklin
The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax. - Albert Einstein
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning. - Aristotle Onassis
I'd like to live as a poor man with lots of money. - Pablo Picasso
Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. - Marlon Brando
A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart. - Jonathan Swift
Lack of money is the root of all evil. - George Bernard Shaw
The importance of money flows from it being a link between the present and the future. - John Maynard Keynes
Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Wealth flows from energy and ideas. - William Feather
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. - Donald Trump
Pennies do not come from heaven. They have to be earned here on earth. - Margaret Thatcher
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life. - Henry David Thoreau
So you think that money is the root of all evil. Have you ever asked what is the root of all money?  - Ayn Rand
Never spend your money before you have earned it. - Thomas Jefferso
Business is other people's money. - Delphine de Girardin
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars. - J. Paul Getty
I finally know what distinguishes man from the other beasts: financial worries. - Jules Renard
Here's my gift-giving rule: Respect your current financial situation. - Suze Orman
The thing that differentiates man from animals is money. - Gertrude Stein
There was a time when a fool and his money were soon parted, but now it happens to everybody. - Adlai Stevenson I
I'd rather lose my own money than someone else's. - Dean Kamen
The substitute for knowledge is money. - Gordon Bethune
You have to go broke three times to learn how to make a living. - Casey Stengel
Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit. - George Carlin
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time. - Steve Jobs
The true currency of life is time, not money, and we've all got a limited stock of that. - Robert Harris
All men by nature desire knowledge. - Aristotle
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. - Henry Ford
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking. - George S. Patton
Genius is the ability to renew one's emotions in daily experience. - Paul Cezanne
Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way. - Charles Bukowski
The man who has no imagination has no wings. - Muhammad Ali
What is now proved was once only imagined. - William Blake
I always imagined I could be what I wanted to be. - Chris Brown
Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing. - Salvador Dali
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure. - Mark Twain
War does not determine who is right - only who is left. - Bertrand Russell
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something. - Frank Capra
I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them. - Pablo Picasso
The best thing is to invest in yourself, because it takes money to make money. - Young Dolph
All money is a matter of belief. - Adam Smith
A person possessed with an idea cannot be reasoned with. - James Anthony Froude
Be smarter than other people, just don't tell them so. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
You have to be smart. The easy days are over. - Robert Kiyosaki
One thought fills immensity. - William Blake
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced. - John Keats
You cannot create experience. You must undergo it. - Albert Camus
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing. - Irene Peter
Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done.- Linus Torvalds
My principles are more important than the money or my title. - Muhammad Ali